---
title: 15th blog
layout: post
author: dylan.varma
permalink: /15th-blog/
source-id: 1mPtAL0j0qQgIEl8JzDRhttF9YMlKYvk8BNuiHF6Xu9Y
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:  </td>
    <td>15th blog</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>20/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


Summary blog

I've learnt a lot over these past two terms and we’ve learnt about a lot of different things. Over these past two terms, we have done 4 topics including github, encrypting and decrypting, our electronic shop and rel.It. We started off at github and created our blogs. We had to customize our own profile, our own wallpaper and we were shown how to upload things from google docs which was surprisingly easy. We started to blog about how our own github blogs were actually going and how we struggled and how we pass tough obstacles. After a few weeks of working on our github blogs we moved on to our electronic shops which we did in google sheets.

For this, we learnt how to code and make our own working shop which I found pretty easy and I was able to insert my shop into my blog. My shop was all about gadgets and it involved how much i would earn per year, how much my employees would earn and how much i would earn per year from each of my items that i would sell. Finally, i also put discount codes in and I was able to see how profit I made after the discount codes were put in.

After this, we made a system which encryptes and decryptes code. We used symbols and letters o represent other symbols and letters. For the first few lessons, I struggled and I found it hard to work out the code and I did have to ask for help. But after these few weeks, I started to understand more and I was eventually able to make a working system.

After this, we were taught how to upload youtube videos onto our blog. I found this fairly easy as we were shown a short and descriptive video about how to doit and I understood the video. This is why I found it quite easy to do the task.

 

[https://dvprompter.github.io/](https://dvprompter.github.io/)

